Add `eq_fixed` option to `BoundaryError` (#2264)
PlasmaControl/DESC: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

New Features

> - Added option for ``eq_fixed`` added to ``BoundaryError`` to remove equilibrium as a degree of freedom from boundary error objective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds ``eq_fixed`` argument to ``BoundaryError`` to remove the equilibrium from the optimization. This can be used instead of adding a ``FixParameter(eq)`` constraint.
```
Or you can just fix the typo

- Adds an optional attribute `ion_density` to the `Equilibrium` class, to allow the ion density profile to be set independently of the electron density and effective atomic number. Also adds compute functions for ``"ni_rr"`` and ``"Zeff_rr"``.
- Modernizes dependencies to use [``nvidia-ml-py``](https://pypi.org/project/nvidia-ml-py/) in place of [``nvgpu``](https://github.com/rossumai/nvgpu).
  If you are updating an existing software environment uninstall ``pynvml`` first and then reinstall the dependencies to correctly get ``nvidia-ml-py``.

> - Option for ``eq_fixed`` added to ``BoundaryError`` to remove equilibrium as a degree of freedom from boundary error objective. 

Reviewer: Can you add this to the top of the file, and create a `New Features` title. Currently, it is on the old release section.
